DOCS-680 - Update role filtering guidance on "role stacking" (#5049)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/users-roles/roles/create-manage-roles.md

   * **Log Analytics data filter**. This filter applies to all the [partitions](/docs/manage/partitions/run-search-against-partition/) and [LiveTail](/docs/search/live-tail/). 
   * **Audit data filter**. This filter applies to all the logs in [Audit Indexes](/docs/manage/security/audit-indexes/) and [LiveTail](/docs/search/live-tail/). For example, you could include filters for `sumologic_audit_events`, `sumologic_search_events`, `sumologic_search_usage_per_query`, or `sumologic_system_events`, `sumologic_volume`, to name a few.
   * **Security data filter**. This filter applies on all logs in [Cloud SIEM security indexes](/docs/cse/records-signals-entities-insights/search-cse-records-in-sumo#partition-for-cloud-siem-signals).
1. **Index Access**. Allows or denies access to [search indexes](/docs/manage/partitions/data-tiers/). Select one of the following and choose the indexes in the **Select Indexes** box that appears:
   * **All indexes**. Allow access to all indexes.
   * **Allow few indexes**. Allow access to only the selected indexes. 
   * **Deny few indexes**. Deny access to the selected indexes.
      :::warning

>       Use **Deny few indexes** with caution. We do not recommend filtering to deny access. That's because if multiple roles are applied to a user, a situation can arise where one role denies access to a certain area, but another role allows access to that same area. Therefore, if possible, apply filtering that allows access rather than denies access. For more information, see [Index Access behavior when a user has multiple roles](#index-access-behavior-when-a-user-has-multiple-roles) below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Use **Deny few indexes** with caution. We do not recommend filtering to deny access, as conflicting roles can create access inconsistencies—one role may deny access while another grants it. Whenever possible, apply filtering to allow access rather than deny it. This ensures roles work additively for more predictable access management.  For more information, see [Index Access behavior when a user has multiple roles](#index-access-behavior-when-a-user-has-multiple-roles) below.
```

* **All indexes** + **Allow few indexes**. Indexes in the "Allow few indexes" list are allowed, and all other indexes are allowed.
* **All indexes** + **Deny few indexes**. Indexes in the deny list are denied, but all other indexes are allowed.
* **Allow few indexes** + **Deny few indexes**. Indexes in the "Allow few indexes" list are allowed, indexes in the deny list are denied, and all other indexes are denied.
* **All indexes** + **Deny few indexes** + **Allow few indexes**. Indexes in the "Allow few indexes" list are allowed, indexes in the deny list are denied, and the rest of the indexes are allowed.

## Test a role's log access rights

To test a role to see if it displays the expected log access behavior, select a role and click **Emulate log search**.

1. [**Classic UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui-classic/). In the main Sumo Logic menu select **Administration > Users and Roles > Roles**. <br/>[**New UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui/). In the top menu select **Administration**, and then under **Users and Roles** select **Roles**. You can also click the **Go To...** menu at the top of the screen and select **Roles**. 
1. Select a role. 

> 1. Click **Emulate log search**. The search will be emulated for the permissions of the role, including the filtering defined in the role. (In the example below, an index access filter is defined.)<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/users-roles/emulate-log-search-index-based.png')} alt="Emulate log search for index filter" style={{border: '1px solid black'}} width="400"/>

Reviewer 2: Is there a section where it explains how user's set of roles can be emulated. If it is not there, please capture that as well.
